It's a long process.
But we're getting there we've created our JWT token and now we're also able to send our JWT token to
the client.
But at the same time we now have a rattus database in our container.
We can now store this token into our rattus database.
And this is where we're going to do in this video.
We're going to store this information and set our token so that we have this session database that we
can now watch over and every time a user requests for profile we always check our read a server that
contained the token it's going to be a fun one.
Let's get started.
Let's go back to the Create sessions function because now the Create sessions function should actually
create the session and store something in the rattus database.
We have our rattus client already ready to go.
It's connected so we can start using some rattus comments.
If I go back to our documentation here we see that we can just do dots set with the key and the value
and other commands that this client allows us to do in our case.
I want to have a new function in here.
We signed the token but now we also want to set the token in our read this database.
So I'm going to say that instead of returning this we want to return the function set token and this
set token function is going to receive our JWT token and the ID.
And as long as everything goes well and we're able to save this and the read us database then we're
actually going to return the
response.
So once the token is set there's no airs.
We're going to return this Hodgett and we might also want to do a dot catch.
I need a dot here.
I might also want to do a dot catch in case the set token function doesn't work.
We know that we want to return a promise.
So for now just to console log so that we can debug it.
Now let's create the set token function the set token function as we can see receives two parameters
the token and the ID.
And if we go back to our documentation and we scroll down
we see that if we want to return a promise which is what we want to do because we're using daat then
and don't catch it again remember we're saying then don't catch.
Well it actually doesn't return a promise by default.
And in order to return a promise we have to use an external library like Bluebird that actually makes
things into a promise.
Luckily for us Bluebird it was something that was used back in the day when promises weren't native
and node but we actually have a way to make sure that this returns a promise.
I mean we've done it all over the codebase with promised reject and we can simply wrap this in a promise
dot for now just resolve.
So we're just going to assume that it's going to resolve for now.
And this is something that you might want to add a promise and actually create a new promise with resolve
and reject.
For now we can just say promise that resolve.
We're going to return this promise of resolve and this promise resolve is going to do the greatest client
dot set and remember set and rattus is allows us to give it some strength.
I'm going to set it so that the Tokin will be the key and the value will be the Heidi and just to name
it better.
Let's just say that this is going to be key value and this is going to be key and value.
Actually I don't know if this is better naming because it's less descriptive but for now we're setting
the Tokin with key value and hopefully returning a promise that as long as it results which it does
because we are returning promised to resolve we're going to return a success user ID token.
Let's save that
and have a bit of an air here.
Oh and I see that the Sendak's over here just make sure that we're returning an object.
Let's just do a return here.
That's a lot better.
Let's try that again.
All right.
That's better.
We're making sure that we're returning this object.
Now let's test this out.
We're going to both go back to the front and want to sign out and now I'm going to sign in with a dot.com
a and I'm going to open up the network to click seinen.
All right.
We're signed in.
If I take a look over here we have our token that we received.
That's great.
Now here's the interesting part.
If I go back to my red S server I should be able to say get and the key that is this JWT token that
we're storing.
See a look of that we're able to get one because remember the I.D. of the user is what if I enter a
get key that doesn't exist I'll get nil.
We were successfully able to actually set a token and added to the rattus database.
How easy and fun was that.
We now have our token within the rattus database.
Now again some of you might be asking are we using JWT the right way because GAAP is already contain
information within it.
We could just verify them by running that verify method.
And again this is going back to a very hotly debated topic.
People may disagree with how things work or how things might get done.
But to me even though this is a little bit longer than a cookie that we might set it still has some
flexibility in that we're able to have information that we can decode here with greater flexibility.
There is a greater responsibility however we now have a full control with our rattus database to do
what we want if we want to just disallow a user to sign in or ban a user.
Simply just use the delete key word.
And as long as I delete this token then I'm all set.
But it also allows me to use this information perhaps in other parts of my app and decode this J-ws
token and get some information about the user.
But anyway if we go back we've just managed to set our information in the read us client.
Very very exciting.
And if we go back to our function everything is starting to look really really nice.
I think we need to take a break and finally finalize this part of our application.
I'll see in the next one.